h1. Joyride JQuery for Drupal Site Tours

h2. Description

This module provides Drupal integration with "Zurb's Joyride Jquery plugin":https://github.com/zurb/joyride in order to provide a tour of different html elements on your Drupal site. Drupal integration is done via the "Context module":http://drupal.org/project/context, which provides a way to control conditional calling of the joyride plugin and copy-and-paste method for adding specific tour code. 

You can view a demo of how Joyride works here: http://www.zurb.com/playground/jquery-joyride-feature-tour-plugin

h2. Drupal Installation

1. Download the current, stable version from Drupal.org at http://drupal.org/project/joyride
2. Download the current of Joyride jquery plugins at https://github.com/zurb/joyride and place in the sites/all/libraries/joyride
3. Rename css and js files to remove version specific designations so you are then have sites/all/libraries/joyride/jquery.joyride.js and joyride.css
4. Enable the Joyride module at admin/modules (make sure you have context and context ui installed and enabled too). 
5. Check that module is working by viewing the demo pages here: admin/config/user-interface/joyride. (You should see three examples that go through the help page)

h2. Usage

If the module and dependencies are working, then you should be able to review the example context pages under "Joyride" in admin/structure/context. Current the module provides three settings: auto trigger, manual trigger via a link or autotrigger once. You can review these examples to understand how you can create custom tours. 

A full description of Jquery Joyride Tour creation can be found at: http://www.zurb.com/playground/jquery-joyride-feature-tour-plugin

h2. Issues, Bugs and Feature Requests

Issues, Bugs and Feature Requests should be made on the main project page at http://drupal.org/project/joyride. Alternatively the code for this project is available on github at: https://github.com/markwk/joyride.

h2. Creators

This module was created by Mark Koester ("Drupal user markwk":http://drupal.org/user/1094790/) at "Int3c.com":http://int3c.com and sponsored by "MicroEntrepreneur.me":http://microentrepreneur.me 